Distributor: Includes the Retry-After header in recoverable error responses (#6608)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

  * `http.StatusServiceUnavailable` (503) and `codes.Unknown` are replaced with `codes.Internal`.
* [CHANGE] Upgrade Node.js to v20. #6540
* [CHANGE] Querier: `cortex_querier_blocks_consistency_checks_failed_total` is now incremented when a block couldn't be queried from any attempted store-gateway as opposed to incremented after each attempt. Also `cortex_querier_blocks_consistency_checks_total` is incremented once per query as opposed to once per attempt (with 3 attempts). #6590

> * [FEATURE] Distributor: includes the `Retry-After` header in recoverable error responses. #6608

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Distributor: added option `-distributor.retry-after-header.enabled` to include the `Retry-After` header in recoverable error responses. #6608
```
